Subject: cognitive science technical report from ircs

the institute for research in cognitive science publish a series of technical report , represent papers draw from the field of computer and information science , linguistics , mathematics , neuroscience , philosophy , and psychology . bound version of the technical report be available from the institute for a small fee , while on-line version of all current ( 1994 ) technical report be freely available on-line . attach be a list of abstract for recently publish papers . the entire abstract list will be submit to the linguist listserv as a file . request for technical-report should be send to : jodus kerper institute for research in cognitive science 3401 walnut street suite 400c philadelphium , pa 19104-6228 request for copy should include a check or money order make payable to " trustee of the university of pennsylvanium . " on - line version of the report may be obtain vium anonymous ftp from the address ftp . ci . upenn . edu in the directory pub / irc / technical-report . the report be store as compress postscript file and be list by tr number . the report may also be obtain through electronic mail by send the message " send guide " to ircsserv @ ftp . ci . upenn . edu . you will receive a reply contain a guide on use the information server program . = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = recent ircs report = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = ircs-tr - 1991-1994 technical report sery abstract list , 1991-1994 ( this report contain a list of all technical papers and abstract , include papers from 1991-1993 ) . no charge ircs-94 - 14 $ 3 . 69 a general framework for hybrid substructural categorial logic mark hepple some recent categorial proposal have employ structural modality , modal operator which allow explicit management of resource sensitivity in linguistic derivation . various theoretical , computational and practical problem arise for the use of such operator . i propose an alternative general model of hybrid substructural system , in which different substructural logic ( i . e . logic differ in their resource usage characteristic ) be bring together into a single system , and which eliminate the need of structural modality by exploit natural relation between different substructural level in term of the relative informativeness of their characterization . under this model , the range of substructural level form a single unify descriptive system , which should facilitate write grammar for individual language , and provide a better basis for cross-linguistic generalization . ircs-94 - 15 $ 1 . 5 bind and control in ccg and its relative mark steedman the ccg account of the unbound construction - in particular , relativisation and coordination - generalize the notion of surface structure in a way that disrupt traditional notion of dominance and command . this have lead researcher in other framework to suggest that the theory be fundamentally incompatible with a coherent theory of bind and control - the bound construction . the present paper offer a theory of bind in ccg which preserve the original account of the unbound dependency , and which render it immediately compatible with other theory , tag in particular . the theory require the abandonment of one assumption that have be traditional ( though not essential ) in other categorial approach . the significance of the move be discuss . ircs-94 - 16 $ 3 . 66 null subject in early child english and the theory of economy of projection tom roeper bernhard rohrbacher in this paper , we present new evidence show that some of the empty subject produce by young child acquire english cannot be subsume under the performance limitation analysis of bloom ( 1990 ) or the topic - drop analysis of rizzus ( 1994 ) . we argue contra sano & hyam ( 1994 ) that these miss subject be instance of pro , not pro , and demonstrate that the economy-base pro-drop theory of spea ( 1994 ) handle our datum in an elegant fashion . the analysis we propose link the acquisition of subject to the acquisition of functional morphology , in accordance with the minimalist program develop since chomsky ( 1989 ) . one desirable consequence of the approach take here be that no recourse to a pro-drop parameter be necessary . ircs-94 - 17 $ 3 . 41 kolmogorov complexity and the information content of parameter robin clark a key goal of linguistic theory be to account for the logical problem of language acquisition . in particular , linguistic constraint can be take as constrain the learner 's hypothesis space and , so , reduce its computational burden . in this paper , i will motivate an information theoretic approach to explain some linguistic constraint . in particular , the theory attempt to relate ease of acquisition with the simplicity of linguistic representation and their frequency in the learner 's input text . to this end , the paper review some result in information theory and kolmogorov complexity and relate them to a theory of parameter . ircs-94 - 18 $ . 87 active part - decomposition , shape and motion estimation of articulate object : a physic - base approach ioanni a . kakadiari dimitrus metaxa ruzena bajcsy we present a novel , robust , integrate approach to segmentation shape and motion estimation of articulate object . initially , we assume the object consist of a single part , and we fit a deformable model to the give datum use our physics-base framework . as the object attain new posture , we decide base on certain criterion if and when to replace the initial model with two new model . these criterion be base on the model 's state and the give datum . we then fit the model to the datum use a novel algorithm for assign force from the datum to the two model , which allow partial overlap between them and determination of join location . this approach be apply iteratively until all the object 's move part be identify . furthermore , we define new global deformation and we demonstrate our technique in a series of experiment , where kalman filter be employ to account for noise and occlusion . ircs-94 - 19 $ . 92 active motion - base segmentation of human body outline ioanni a . kakadiari dimitrus metaxa ruzena bajcsy we present an integrate approach toward the segmentation and shape estimation of human body outline . initially , we assume that the human body consist of a single part , and we fit a deformable model to the give datum use our physics-base shape and motion estimation framework . as an actor attain different posture , new protrusion emerge in the outline . we model these change in the shape use a new representation scheme consist of a parametric composition of deformable model . this representation allow us to identify the underlie human part that gradually become visible , by monitor the evolution of shape and motion parameter of the compose model . our algorithm be apply iteratively over subsequent frame until all move part be identify . we demonstrate our technique in a series of experiment with very encourage result .
