Subject: 

romance ling davi , stuart @ napolus , donna jo a prosodic template in historical change : the passage of the latin second conjugation into romance 1994 170pp . paperbound approx . usd 30 rosenberg & sellier vium andrea dorium 14 , i-10123 torino ( credit card accept ) the book offer a novel approach to a longstand problem , the demise of the latin 2nd conjugation . the author show that a prosodic analysis may account for the historical change that occur in italianm romanian , french , provencal , catalan , and several raeto - romance dialect . it be a successful application of prosodic morphology to a diachronic problem . fax : + + 39 / ( 0 ) 50 / 563513 i-56126 pisa / / / / / syntax the syntax and pragmatic of anaphora a study with special reference to chinese ( cambridge study in linguistic 70 ) cambridge university press yan huang department of linguistic , university of read this book develop a pragmatic theory of anaphora within the neo - gricean framework of conversational implicature . chomsky claim that anaphora reflect underlie principle of innate universal grammar , and the view be widely hold that only syntactic and semantic factor be crucial to intrasentential anaphora . yan huang question the basis of the government and bind approach and argue that syntax and pragmatic be interconnect in determine many anaphoric process . furthermore , he propose that the extent to which syntax and pragmatic interact vary typologically . there exist a class of language ( such as chinese , japanese and korean ) in which pragmatic play a central role that in familiar european language be allege to be play by grammar . yan huang 's pragmatic theory have far-reach implication for this important issue in theoretical linguistics . 1994 , 349 pp . hardback 0 521 41887 9 dwivedus , veena . ( university of massachusett , amherst ) ; syntactic dependency and relative phrase in hindus , pb . xvius + 249 pp . ph . d . dissertation , 1994 . $ 16 + s / h ( $ 3 domestic , $ 4 foreign surface ) . graduate linguistic student association ( glsa ) , university of massachusett , amherst . this dissertation explore various syntactic dependency from relative phrase in hindus . in addition to scramble , topicalisation and left dislocation , topic dislocation be recognize . this non-movement relation be limit to referential nps which be relate to null pronominal ; because no movement be involve , topic dislocation be not subject to subjancency . several case of asymmetric coordination , include correlative and ' that ' clause , be also explore in detail . for further information , contact glsa @ linguist . umass . edu . phonology sherer , tim d . ( university of massachusett , amherst ) ; prosodic phonotactic , pb . xiius + 225 pp . ph . d . dissertation , 1994 . $ 16 + s / h ( $ 3 domestic , $ 4 foreign surface ) . graduate linguistic student association ( glsa ) , university of massachusett , amherst . this dissertation deal with the possibility of have syllable final consonant , include geminate consonant , and the interaction of such consonant with syllable weight and vowel length , by means of the moraic tier . the goal of this work be to have the range of pattern of consonant occurrence and vowel length follow from simple pattern in simple interaction . prediction about possible phonological pattern be make vium the interaction of simple constraint in optimality theory . extensive treatment of over-fil ( hypercharacterize ) syllable , appendix consonant and gemination be provide . rosenthall , sbe . ( university of massachusett , amherst ) ; vowel / glide alternation in a theory of constraint interaction , pb . viius + 243 pp . ph . d . dissertation , 1994 . $ 16 + s / h ( $ 3 domestic , $ 4 foreign surface ) . graduate linguistic student association ( glsa ) , university of massachusett , amherst . this work examine the distribution of high vowel and glide use optimality theory . the distribution of high vowel and glide be show to be a consequence of simultaneously compare moraic and nonmoraic syllabification of high vowel for satisfaction of phonological constraint . three main phenomenon be investigate : the syllabification of vowel sequence in language with only surface monophthongal vowel , the interaction of stress and high vowel distribution , and the phenomenon of glide vocalization . for further information , contact glsa @ linguist . umass . edu .
