Subject: eskimo word for " snow " , " ice " , etc .

as an eskimologist and an anthropologist , i strongly concur with woodbury 's and hill 's recent message on the topic . i have two response : one to the person who suggest that maybe what be peculiar about eskimo word for snow be not the number of lexical item to be find in a dictionary , but rather that these word be use more often and even by non-specialist within the culture . i be sorry that i can't track down the name of this person , which i must have delete by mistake . but this be an interest idea . my answer be that eskimo talk about snow about as often as a sahara tuareg would talk about rain , in other word , not very often . remember that the arctic be technically a desert ; i . e . there be very little precipitation , although whatever snow that do fall remains on the grind , an ~ rd be blow a } iround into funny shape , for which there be of course , a technical terminology , use mainly by huntersd who need to use these thing as landmark . snow ( as a grind cover or fall ) be really not very important to eskimo . i suggest that we start look at some of the language of the subarctic group of canada ( cree , chipewyan ) , these people live in deep snow , and probably talk about it a lot more ! my second response be for george fowler who suggest that there may be an fashion of eskimo word for - - - - - go on . he talk about 50 word for ice in greenlandic . he be speak facetiously , of course , but there be a point to be make here . eskimo who hunt on ice ( such as the siberian yupik eskimo i work with ) have an incredibly detail technical terminology for ice condition , iceberg , ice thickness and movement . for eskimo hunter , these thing be concretely a matter of life and death . so eskimo do have many word for ice , and as for snow , this be a technical terminology , and as for snow , it be entirely base on a few stem that actually mean " ice " , and on many stem that do not fundamentally mean " ice " . so , at least in some eskimo language , such as cnetral siberian yupik eskimo , there be actually more expression ( or if you want " word " ) for " ice " than for " snow " . for the definition of a " word " and " stem " in eskimo , i refer y ' all back to woodbury 's statement . the point be that technical terminology for thing that interest eskimo be no different from technical terminology that be relevant to , say , swiss cuckoo clock maker . willem j . de reuse dept . of anthropology university of arizona tucson , az 85721
