Subject: conf : clin ' 94 final program

clin-94 final program clin-94 fifth computational linguistic in the netherland meet wednesday , november 23 , 1994 university of twente the fifth clin meet will be host by the parlevink linguistic engineer group of the university of twente in enschede . at clin meeting , computational linguistics researcher in ( or from ) the netherland gather and present their ( possibly ongo ) research . every year a well-known speaker be invite . this year , we invite annie zaenen , affiliate with rank xerox research centre in meylan , france to be this year 's keynote speaker . she will talk about ` language technology and multilingualism ' . there will be twenty-three talk and three parallel session . all session will take place in " de vrijhof " at the campus . the participation fee be dfl 50 . the fee include a lunch buffet , coffee and tea during the break and an informal reception . payment will be make only on-site . the proceedings of the clin ' 93 meet will be available at this year 's meet . they can also be find vium www at url : http : / / tyr . let . rug . nl / ~ vannoord / clin / clin4 / clin4 . html it be our intention that a volume of proceedings of clin ' 94 will be produce in due time . a dvi file with the abstract , however , can already be find at url : http : / / hydra . c . utwente . nl / ~ andernac / clinabstract . dvus this information and more be also available vium www either directly vium url : http : / / hydra . c . utwente . nl / parlevink / clinprogram . html or vium the clin home page with url : http : / / tyr . let . rug . nl / ~ vannoord / clin / clin . html program 10 . 30 arrival , subscription , coffee 11 . 0 annie zaenen ( rank xerox research centre , meylan , france ) language technology and multilingualism session 1 11 . 45 marc de boer , colin tattersall & jacob groote ( ptt research , groningen ) compare business activity base on case grammar representation 12 . 15 bas van bakel ( kun , nijmegen ) elsa 's choice : handle syntactic ambiguity in nlp system 12 . 45 lunch 14 . 0 leen kievit ( itk , tilburg ) represent structural ambiguity 14 . 30 johan bo ( computerlinguistik , universitaet de saarland , germany ) underspecify predicate logic 15 . 0 richard f . e . sutcliffe , piek vossen , peter hellwig & the sift team ( university of limerick , ireland ) the tractable representation of utterance meaning for information retrieval 15 . 30 coffee break 16 . 0 jan schaake & geert - jan m . kruijff ( ut , enschede ) information state base analysis of dialogue 16 . 30 rene ahn , leen kievit , gerrit rentier & margriet verlinden ( itk , tilburg ) dialogue - management & knowledge acquisition 17 . 0 geert - jan m . kruijff & jan schaake ( ut , enschede ) discern relevant information in discourse using tfa session 2 11 . 45 walter daeleman ( itk , tilburg ) linguistic as data mine 12 . 15 annius v . groenink ( cwi , amsterdam ) mechanism for movement 12 . 45 lunch 14 . 0 erik aart ( ots , utrecht ) parse and memo in prolog 14 . 30 danny kersten & gerrit van der hoeven ( ut , enschede ) valency in cast system 15 . 0 mettina veenstra ( rug , groningen ) a head-corner parser for the minimalist program 15 . 30 coffee break 16 . 0 koen versmissen ( ots , utrecht ) a bottom-up categorial approach to discontinuity 16 . 30 herbert ruessink ( sticht taaltechnologie , utrecht ) an extend notation for phrase-structure rule in alep 17 . 0 erik oltman ( kun , nijmegen ) amazon in agfl . a contextfree phrase structure grammar for the structural module of the amazon / casus - system , describe in the agfl - formalism session 3 11 . 45 kee van deemter ( ipo , eindhoven ) contrastive stress , contrariety and focus 12 . 15 arthur dirksen ( ipo , eindhoven ) phonological and phonetic coarticulation : the use of a metrical tree in speech synthesis 12 . 45 lunch 14 . 0 erik tjong kim sang ( rug , groningen ) apply simple recurrent network to discover the phonotactical knowledge of dutch 14 . 30 jan odijk ( ipo , eindhoven ) text generation without plan 15 . 0 mark van der kraan ( ruu , utrecht ) strictly compositional translation 15 . 30 coffee break 16 . 0 leen torenvliet & mart trautwein ( uva , amsterdam ) complexity of restrict attribute-value grammar 16 . 30 mart trautwein ( uva , amsterdam ) the complexity of structure share how to reach the campus ? > from schiphol airport , direct train to hengelo / enschede leave every hour during daytime . in addition , train with destination groningen / leeuwarden may also be take ; for these , a connection train to hengelo / enschede wait in amersfoort at the other side of the same platform . in all case , the travel time be approximately two hour and a half . if you arrive by train , you should leave the train in hengelo , rather than in enschede ; this will shorten your trip with 10 minute . a cheap taxi ticket ( call ` treintaxus ' ) can be buy at hengelo railway station upon arrival by show the train ticket . the fare be fix ( dfl 6 per person ) for every destination in the neighbourhood , but usually the taxi be to be share with other . you could also take a bus from hengelo station to the campus ( no . 15 or 51 ) . bus no . 15 have a stop near the vrijhof build . bus no . 51 stop at the campus entrance ; it take a 10 minute walk from there to the vrijhof . by car , take direction enschede and in enschede follow ` universiteit ' . accommodation the nearest hotel be the drienerburght hotel at the campus of the university of twente , near the conference site ( less than 50 metre ) . the hotel phone number be + 31 53 331366 and the fax number be + 31 53 356770 . please let us know if you would like us to make a reservation for you . look forward to see you all in enschede , the local organizer , anton nijholt toine anderhach
