Subject: conf : speech and language engineer

twente workshop on language technology 8 ( twlt8 ) speech and language engineer location : university of twente enschede , the netherland december 1 and 2 , 1994 workshop organize under auspices of the dutch nwo priority programme on speech and language , the special interest group on parse technology ( sigparse ) of the association of computational linguistic ( acl ) and the centre of telematic and information technology ( ctit ) of the university of twente . * * * * * * * * program * * * * * * * * registration from 10 . 00-10 . 55 lecture start at 10 . 55 ( order show be not necessarily the order of presentation ) speech and language integration . loe bove , university of nijmegen , the netherland the wallstreet journal task : unlimit vocabular , speaker independent , article dictation . christian dugast , philip , aachen , germany analysis of the dutch polyphone corpus . paul van alphen , ptt research , the netherland spontaneous speech phenomena in naive - user interaction . paolo baggium , e . gerbino , e . giachin , & c . rullent cselt , torino , italy the potential role of prosody in automatic speech recognition . loui ten bosch , ipo , eindhoven , the netherland assessment of speech recognition system . h . j . m . steeneken , tno human factor research soesterberg , the netherland the role of prosody in human speech recognition . jame m . mcqueen , mpi , nijmegen , the netherland lecture start at 0 . 900 ( order show be not necessarily the order of presentation ) prediction and disambiguation by means of data - orient parse . ren bod and remko scha university of amsterdam , the netherland the speech - language interface in the spoken language translator . david carter & manny rayner , sri international cambridge , u . k . generation of spoken monologue . k . v . deemter , j . landsbergen , r . leermaker & j . odijk , ipo , eindhoven , the netherland simple speech recognition with little linguistic creature . marc drossaer , university of twente enschede , the netherland word agent base natural language process . hermann helbig & andrea merten fernuniversitdt hagen , germany schisma : a natural language accessible theatre information and book system . g . f . van der hoeven et al . , university of twente enschede , the netherland phoneme - level speech and natural language integration for agglutinative language . geunba lee et al . , pohang university hyoja - dong , pohang , korea on the intersection of finite state automa and definite clause grammar . gertjan van noord , alfa - informatica rug groningen , the netherland an efficient head and left corner parser in its environment . g . veldhuijzen van zanten & r . op den akker university of twente , enschede , the netherland time - synchronous chart parse of speech integrate unification grammar with statistic . location the workshop will be hold in the vrijhof build of the university of twente , enschede , the netherland . more information will be obtain after registration . registration regular registration fee be dfl . 150 , . student pay dfl . 50 , . this include lunch , refreshments , proceedings and an informal reception . payment should be do on site . ye , i registrate for twlt8 : speech& language engineer on december 1 and 2 , 1994 ; regular registration fee dfl . 150 , - ; student fee dfl . 50 , . payment can be do on site . name address : < use as many line you need > student : yes no help with hotel accommodation : yes no for more information contact the organize secretariat : bijron @ c . utwente . nl or hoogvlie @ c . utwente . nl . the secretariat provide also information about hotel accommodation and can make reservation .
