Subject: re : 5 . 1225 linguistic and imperialism

with regard to hoberman 's comment . it would not make sense to say that linguistics be inherently imperialistic in nature , any more than it would for any other science , since linguistics be multi-facet and have many purpose , some now well establish and other continually evolve , e . g . , " forensic " application of linguistics etc . since language be universal , application for linguistics be universal . in my earlier comment i dwell on diversity among language because that 's where the connection between linguistics ( mainly as an aid to learn and teach language ) and multilingual empire ( = " imperialism " ) be easiest to see . however , i also note that there be people who be interest in language and linguistic diversity for its own sake . i suspect that this be universal . although it may be reflect differently in different culture . maybe the universality of interest in language and linguistic diversity be reflect in myth about the origin of such diversity , or other kind of " pre-linguistic " explanation . among culture which seem particularly ethnocentric to me , classic athenian culture perhap be less encourage to interest in other language than most culture ( with the us perhap close behind but also with a complex fear and insecurity about language other than english ) . nevertheless , we see from plato 's cratylus that difference between greek ( in its various diachronic form ) and the " barbarian " language be put to philosophical use . if you read cratylus , you ' ll see that plato , through socrate , be put some value on philosophical argument which bring in datum from other language . ( even though there 's a lot of sarcasm and tongue in cheek in the whole issue as plato treat it in cratylus , i . e . , whether the word of language be " natural " or " conventional " / be there " correct " word for idea / concept / thing ? - - plato be alway a polemicist , react to rival school of think . ) i would like to re-open the issue ( i think it be once open before on the list ) about how different culture " explain " language diversity , and whether there be a culture which prevent all individual member from be interest in language for its own sake . i do n't think that could logically be possible - - but what do i know ? in any case , this may give us some insight into the " prehistory of linguistics " , and also into the still present motivation of some linguist to attach themselve to this aspect of our culture . benjus
