Subject: the translator

order form for the translator will shortly be available ( by mid november ) . to receive one , please send a note of your full postal address to : the translator , st . jerome publish , 2 maple road west , brookland , manchester , m23 9hh , u . k . alternatively , you can fax the same detail to fax number + 44 0161-973 - 9856 , or email them to mona @ ccl . umist . ac . uk . the translator : study in intercultural communication the translator be a referee international journal which seek to bring professional and academic interest closer together by address issue which have relevance in both academic and professional setting . member of the editorial and advisory board have extensive academic and professional experience . many be accomplish translator and interpreter work at the highest level . all have sound academic train and be involve in teach translator and interpreter on a regular basis . academic expertise ensure rigour and coherence in the treatment of issue ; professional experience complement academic rigour with a rich store of concrete context and an emphasis on relevance and readability . the translator be not restrict in scope to any particular school of think or academic group . it editor and advisor hold diverse view on translation ; they be nevertheless all commit to promote a harmonious and less divisive environment in which both discipline and profession can prosper . editor : mona baker ( umist , uk ) editorial board : daniel gile ( isit , france ) ian mason ( heriot - watt university , uk ) christiane nord ( heidelberg university , germany ) anthony pym ( universidad rivira i virgilus , tarragona , spain ) lawrence venutus ( temple university , philadelphium , usa ) judith woodsworth ( concordium university , canada ) review editor : myriam salama - carr ( salford university , uk ) international advisory board : roberto mayoral asensio ( spain ) , alikus bacapoulou - hall ( greece ) , franco buffonus ( italy ) , simon chau ( hong kong ) , dirk delabastita ( belgium ) , jean delisle ( canada ) , basil hatim ( uk ) , kinga klaudy ( hungary ) , ingrid kurz ( austrium ) , paul kussmaul ( germany ) , kitty van leuven - zwart ( holland ) , carol maier ( usa ) , kirsten malmkjaer ( uk ) , dougla robinson ( usa ) , juan sager ( uk ) , christina schaffner ( uk ) , candace seguinot ( canada ) , miriam shlesinger ( israel ) , sonja tirkkonen - condit ( finland ) . two issue per year ( 125 page each ) . first issue : april 1995 . each issue consist of papers , book review ( include a special review of a relatively old but influential publication ) , and a detail description of a translation and / or interpret course . special issue in 1996 ( vol . 2 , no . 2 ) : wordplay and translation ; guest - editor : dirk delabastita . content of volume 1 , number 1 ( 1995 ) translation , authorship , copyright ( lawrence venutus , usa ) the moral dilemma of court interpret ( ruth morri , israel ) observation on anomalous stress in interpret ( sarah william , sweden ) a descriptive framework for compensation ( keith harvey , uk ) special review : george mounin : le probleme theorique de la traduction ( review by claude tatilon , canada ) book review : jean delisle : la traduction raisonee ( review by michel ballard , france ) juan sager : language engineer and translation : consequence of automation ( paul kussmaul , germany ) dori kadish & francoise massardier - kenney ( ed ) : translate slavery - gender and race in french women 's write , 1783-1823 ( marilyn gaddi rose , usa ) jacque permentier , erik springael & franco troiano : traduction , adaptation et edite multilingue ( david morri , belgium ) course profile : m . a . in translation study , university of surrey , uk . subscription rate ( in stirl pound ) : uk : individual : 29 ; institution : 49 . europe : individual : 31 ; institution : 51 . rest of the world : individual : 33 ; institution : 53 . subscriber can pay by credit card ( visa / access ) , cheque / eurocheque in stirl pound , banker ' draft ( draw on a uk bank in sterl ) or direct credit . guideline for contributor and reviewer be also available on request . mona baker mona @ ccl . umist . ac . uk .
