Subject: ucla tesl & apply linguistic gopher

tesl & apply linguistic gopher the department of tesl and apply linguistic be proud to announce the establishment of a gopher directory on the ucla gopher server , with the assistance of humanity compute and especially wayne miller . this gopher server currently hold departmental information , and be mean to inform both the campus , the department and the world beyond ucla of our activity and academic resource , as well as policy , guideline and associate program . by log in to the gopher , you can find the follow directory and information : - - an introduction to the department of tesl and apply linguistic - - a directory of announcement , include ta guideline talsa student policy student representation - - a directory of associate program , include english as a second language ( soon to be its own directory ) language , interaction and culture group ( soon to be its own directory ) language resource program ( in time to be its own directory ) south and south east asian language program quechua ( soon to link with latin american study ? ) - - a course guide directory , include winter 1995 schedule tesl & al course ( eventually to hold sample syllabus and course desc . ) course from other department relevant to idp participant , ( a list compile by current idp student ) - - a directory of the faculty , include an address list and cv / profile of each faculty member , include recent publication and research interest - - a directory for ial , the student journal - - program information for the interdepartmental program in apply linguistic , academic requirement recent student research ( a list of qps file by idp student ) application requirement , include a link to grad . division gopher for application information and on-line application soon to have link to departmental gopher for linguistic , anthropology , sociology , psychology , graduate school of education , etc . when these gopher become available - - program information for the ma in tesl , similarly structure . this gopher can be expand and update easily . those wish to add relevant directory , announcement , etc . should see me or e-mail me at ihw1lrm @ mv . oac . uclum . edu . to get to the gopher , enter the orion information database . select " infoucla " and then select " gopher " ( # 7 ) . select the directory title " ucla gopher server " . again , select the directory title " ucla gopher server " . next select the directory title " humanity compute " ( note - - this be temporary ; my understand be that it will be title humanity department ) . select the directory title " humnet department and ucla resource " . finally , select the directory for tesl and apply linguistic . i be work with humanity compute to establish entry in this level of the gopher for both esl and ssealp , as these two associate program be not alway associate with tesl / apply linguistic to the outside world , and i would like to maximize accessibility . your feedback be highly value . this first gopher be a work in progress , and all suggestion for its improvement will be consider and act upon . i would like to take an opportunity to thank wayne miller and karie masterson at hcf for work to get this up and run , and to george for his idea for the world wide web ( which will be the next project ! ) happy tunnel ! lyn
