Subject: icla call for paper

4th international cognitive linguistic conference july 17 - july 21 , 1995 , albuquerque , new mexico * aim and scope the international cognitive linguistic conference offer a forum for research within the perspective of cognitive linguistics . this perspective subsume a number of concern and broadly compatible theoretical approach that share a common basis : the idea that language be an integral part of cognition which reflect the interaction of cultural , psychological , communicative , and functional consideration , and which can only be understand in the context of a realistic view of conceptualization and mental process . topic of interest for cognitive linguistics include the structural characteristic of natural language categorization ( such as prototypicality , metaphor , mental imagery , and cognitive model ) , the functional principle of linguistic organization ( such as iconicity and naturalness ) , the conceptual interface between syntax and semantics , the experiential and pragmatic background of language-in - use , and the relationship between language and think . in addition , topic of special interest for the 1995 conference include cross-linguistic study and cognitive linguistic approach to sign language research . * conference site the 1995 conference will take place on the campus of the university of new mexico ( unm ) in albuquerque . albuquerque lie between the foothill of the sandium mountain ( with peak of more than 10 , 0 foot ) and the west mesa ( which be dot with the cinder cone of long-extinct volcano ) ; divide the city be the wind rio grande valley , famous for its bosque nature preserve . at an altitude of roughly 5000 foot , the university campus enjoy warm summer day and cool night . excursion to nearby pueblo , santa fe , and the sandium mountain be be plan . also take place at unm during the summer of 1995 be the linguistic society of america 's biennial linguistic institute . under the direction of joan bybee , li-95 will run for six week from late june to early august and will include over 50 course teach by visit faculty as well as special lecture . the conceptual structure for li-95 apply cross-linguistic comparison and a functional orientation to the major area of linguistics and the language emphasis of the university of new mexico program : sign language , spanish , and native american language . several other conference be plan to precede and follow the 1995 icla conference . * submission of abstract author be request to submit four copy of a one-page abstract in hardcopy format to the address below . abstract must be receive before november 30 , 1994 . author will be notify of acceptance or rejection by february 1 , 1995 . sherman wilcox / icla95 department of linguistic university of new mexico albuquerque , nm 87131
